facing the cold beach breaks and wobbly
conditions the elite of surfing now
shake hands at the Rip Curl Pro Search
in San Francisco and even if the second
last stop doesn't look condition-wise
like is part of the so-called Dream Tour
the 36 best surfers in the world try to
make the best of it and get some flight
time
this time a young Brazilian greenhorn
blasts away the competitors Gabriel
Medina seems to override the laws of
gravity and outclasses even the old
elite like Kelly Slater and Taylor Knox
he's looking for the laughs and he's
looking to do errors and you know that's
kind of his game plan and you know been
working pretty good for him the highly
touted Brazilian doesn't waste any time
in his final campaign against Joel
Parkinson but the Aussie wants to show
the seventeen-year-old who's the big dog
and drops into a great barrel in their
final battle unfortunately he couldn't
hit another good score
unlike Medina however although he
doesn't show the crowd his usual airs he
impresses the judges with some hammering
cutbacks and cleans house with a nice
nine-point ride and so the prodigy
secures his second title in his fourth
WCT event yeah those are a good
competition I know I I've been served
well I beat Kali earlier and now a big
Pike or so does a dream of course
Gabriel was being on fire all event is
where he's one of my freakiest talents
I've ever seen
he's a really tough compiler he's out he
surfs like really mature and for 17 year
all these kind of a blaze of clothes
mods speaking of blowing minds receiving
the world champion trophy mistakenly
after winning round three Kelly Slater
hammers down this unbelievable tube ride
in round four and leaves no doubt that
he really deserves his 11th title
I texted my mom the other day and said
you know it's funny because I didn't
really have the emotion with it the
other day so maybe inside I knew like
you know I didn't know the numbers I
trusted what was being said it's not
entirely everyone else's fault you know
but you know I I thought it was done
then but it wasn't and maybe something
inside told me that so congratulations
King Kelly have a great party meanwhile
we'll have a look at his best waves of
the 2011 season
well the 2011 champion is crowned the
Dream Tour has one incredible stop left
so we will see you at the Banzai
Pipeline for the Billabong Pro